{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf190
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red29\green9\blue72;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid6}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa200

\f0\b\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 Final Exam Guidelines\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240

\fs24 \cf0 Final Exam Guidelines
\b0 \
Writing and defending the doctoral dissertation is the final requirement for a Ph.D.\'a0 Your Supervisory Committee determines if you have completed a body of work meeting the standards of the program.\'a0\

\b To Do:
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf0 {\listtext	1.	}The Graduate School 
\b0 accepts only electronic theses/dissertations (ETDS). Students submitting an ETD should read through information posted on the Graduate School website, beginning with{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.grad.washington.edu/students/etd/index.shtml"}}{\fldrslt \ul http://www.grad.washington.edu/students/etd/index.shtml}}.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	2.	}At least three months before your defense: 
\b0 Set Final Exam date with Supervisory Committee. The GSR and Chair are required to be at the Final Exam.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	3.	}Three months before your defense:\'a0
\b0 Email MaryEllin ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:maryell@u.washington.edu"}}{\fldrslt \ul maryell@uw.edu}}), MCB Graduate Specialist,\'a0the names of your Reading Committee. Three (3) members are required, including your supervisor.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	4.	}At least five weeks before your defense: 
\b0 Present your Reading Committee with your dissertation. Your thesis Reading Committee must read your dissertation and agree to the date and time of your exam before you schedule your Final Examination online.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	5.	}At least three weeks before your defense: 
\b0 Schedule your Final Examination online via {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.grad.washington.edu/mygrad/student.htm"}}{\fldrslt \ul MyGrad}}. If your exam will not be held on the UW main campus or at FHCRC, you will need to include the full address and room number of the venue. When the exam is approved, you will be notified that your Warrant, along with the MCB Exit Survey, is either available to pick up in the MCB office or will be mailed to you in campus mail if you are off campus.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	6.	}Three weeks before your defense:
\b0 \'a0 Email\'a0Maria Sanders ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:maria1@uw.edu"}}{\fldrslt \ul maria1@uw.edu}}), MCB program assistant,\'a0the title of your dissertation, date, time, location and how you want your name to read; she will announce your exam and make up flyers.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	7.	}Three days after your defense: 
\b0 The signed Warrant must be returned to MaryEllin, not later than the last day of the Quarter. MaryEllin will officially report the outcome of your exam to the Graduate School. Your completed MCB Exit Survey (included with your Warrant) must be returned to Maria. You will also submit to\'a0Maria via email attachments, your Abstract and publications.\
{\listtext	8.	}Take the following paper work with you to the final exam for signatures:\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl360
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Final Exam Warrant\
{\listtext	\'95	}UW Graduate School - Doctoral Dissertation Reading Committee Approval Form\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl360
\ls1\ilvl1
\b \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.grad.washington.edu/students/etd/phd-approval-form.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \ul http://www.grad.washington.edu/students/etd/phd-approval-form.pdf}}
\b0 \
{\listtext	\'95	}Link to the PDF for the form and print if off for signatures.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf0 {\listtext	9.	}Graduate School directions for Electronic Theses/Dissertations (ETDs): 
\b0 \'a0Follow these next steps.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240
\cf0 The Graduate School is now accepting only electronic theses/dissertations (ETDs). Students submitting an ETD should read through information posted on our website, beginning with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.grad.washington.edu/students/etd/index.shtml"}}{\fldrslt \ul http://www.grad.washington.edu/students/etd/index.shtml}}.\
Graduate Enrollment Management Services (GEMS) highlights the most significant changes in the new submission process.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240

\b \cf0 No Required Fees
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}With ETDs, there are no required fees! (In the past, students paid binding, microfilm and open access fees.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240

\b \cf0 Document Changes
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}The ETD document does 
\i\b not
\i0\b0  include a signature page or a quote slip.\
{\listtext	\'95	}The approval form replaces the signature page (see approval forms below).\
{\listtext	\'95	}Names of committee members are now listed on the title page. GEMS advisors review every detail of the title page for accuracy and completeness. If students follow our sample title pages, the review of their submission will be quicker. Sample title pages: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.grad.washington.edu/students/etd/info.shtml"}}{\fldrslt \ul http://www.grad.washington.edu/students/etd/info.shtml}}.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240

\b \cf0 No Prelim Check
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}GEMS advisors no longer do preliminary checks of any kind. Documents are reviewed only after they are submitted in the UW ETD Administrator Site as a final submission.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Students submitting their documents the last week of the quarter should be prepared to receive and respond to requests for minor revisions the week of June 11-15.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360
\ls4\ilvl0
\b \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}ETDs will not be accepted until all revisions are made and submitted
\b0 .\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240

\b \cf0 The Approval Forms \'96 the one paper part of the process
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360
\ls5\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}The Master\'92s Supervisory and Doctoral Dissertation Reading Committee Approval Forms are new. They replace the signature page but are 
\b \ul not\ulnone  
\b0 included in the ETD document. They also should not be confused with the warrant!\
{\listtext	\'95	}Students should complete the approval forms (fillable PDFs), print for signatures and hand-deliver or mail the form to the Graduate School. We accept only 
\i original
\i0  (ink) signatures \'96 no faxes, scans, stamps, emails. Students should plan accordingly to get the necessary signatures and deliver the signed approval form to GEMS by the deadline (see dates and deadlines below).\
{\listtext	\'95	}See Master\'92s Supervisory and Doctoral Dissertation Reading Committee Approval Forms under Prerequisites:{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.grad.washington.edu/students/etd/info.shtml"}}{\fldrslt \ul http://www.grad.washington.edu/students/etd/info.shtml}}.\
\ls5\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	\'95	}ETDs will not be accepted and graduation will not be processed without a signed approval form
\b0 .\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240

\b \cf0 Dates and Deadlines
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360
\ls6\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}See dates and deadlines: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.grad.washington.edu/students/dates.shtml"}}{\fldrslt \ul http://www.grad.washington.edu/students/dates.shtml}}.\
}